Document esp8266 & esp32 new platform components (#1540)
OttoWinter/esphomedocs: components/esp8266.rst

This component contains platform-specific options for the ESP8266 platform.

.. code-block:: yaml

    # Example configuration entry
    esp8266:
      board: nodemcuv2
      framework:
        version: recommended

Configuration variables:
------------------------

- **board** (**Required**, string): The PlatformIO board ID that should
  be used. Choose the appropriate board from
  `this list <https://platformio.org/boards?count=1000&filter%5Bplatform%5D=espressif8266>`__. 
  *This only affects pin aliases, flash size and some internal settings*, if unsure choose a generic board.
- **framework** (*Optional*): Options for the underlying framework used by ESPHome.

  - **version** (*Optional*, string): The base framework version number to use, from 
    `esp8266 arduino releases <https://github.com/esp8266/Arduino/releases>`__. Defaults to ``recommended``. Additional values

    - ``dev``: Use the latest commit from https://github.com/esp8266/Arduino, note this may break at any time
    - ``latest``: Use the latest *release* from https://github.com/esp8266/Arduino/releases, even if it hasn't been recommended yet.
    - ``recommended``: Use the recommended framework version.

>   - **source** (*Optional*, string): The platformio framework package (``platformio/framework-arduinoespressif8266``).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **source** (*Optional*, string): The PlatformIO package or repository to use for the framework. This can be used to use a custom or patched version of the framework.
```
